feat: add `{get|set}AccentColor` on Windows (#47741)
electron/electron: docs/api/base-window.md

#### `win.setAccentColor(accentColor)` _Windows_

* `accentColor` boolean | string - The accent color for the window. By default, follows user preference in System Settings.

Sets the system accent color and highlighting of active window border.

The `accentColor` parameter accepts the following values:

* **Color string** - Sets a custom accent color using standard CSS color formats (Hex, RGB, RGBA, HSL, HSLA, or named colors). Alpha values in RGBA/HSLA formats are ignored and the color is treated as fully opaque.
* **`true`** - Uses the system's default accent color from user preferences in System Settings.
* **`false`** - Explicitly disables accent color highlighting for the window.

Examples:

```js
const win = new BrowserWindow({ frame: false })

// Set red accent color.
win.setAccentColor('#ff0000')

// RGB format (alpha ignored if present).
win.setAccentColor('rgba(255,0,0,0.5)')

// Use system accent color.
win.setAccentColor(true)

// Disable accent color.
win.setAccentColor(false)
```

#### `win.getAccentColor()` _Windows_

Returns `string | boolean` - the system accent color and highlighting of active window border in Hex RGB format.

> If a color has been set for the window that differs from the system accent color, the window accent color will
> be returned. Otherwise, the system accent color will be returned, if one is enabled.

Reviewer: I missed this line 😬 

```suggestion
If a color has been set for the window that differs from the system accent color, the window accent color will
be returned. Otherwise, a boolean will be returned, with `true` indicating that the window uses the global system accent color, and `false` indicating that accent color highlighting is disabled for this window.
```
